c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\obj\x86\Debug\SystemInvader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SystemInvader.exe
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SystemInvader.pdb
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\obj\x86\Debug\SystemInvader.exe
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\obj\x86\Debug\SystemInvader.pdb
c:\users\xd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bullet1.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Font.xnb
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\rumia.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\userName.xnb
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\arrowtower.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\back1.jpg
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\bgMenu.jpg
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\button.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\done.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\enemy.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\enter_name.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\exit.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\grass.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\LOGOPI.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\name.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\options.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\path.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\play.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\retry.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\rewind.png
C:\Users\xd\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SystemInvader\SystemInvader\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\tower.png
